# RUN-ATHLETICS

https://gsimoglou.github.io/

RUN ATHLETICS is a web application about athletics. RUN ATHLETICS constitutes a website/web-application project which was developed as a series of assignments in the context of "Web &amp; Mobile Apps Development" course at University of Macedonia. All the media, e.g., logos, images, videos, fonts etc., used in this application suggest non-copyrighted materials which are provided freely both for personal and commercial use.

RUN ATHLETICS, from the beginning, comes with a powerful presence. This project serves as the motivation to adopt and better familiarize with the fundamental web technologies. Our Runner Standings Table summarizes the scores of 8 runners in a 100m track race. Information about the Position (POS), Name, Number (No), Nationality, Points (PTS), Season Best Record (SBR), Personal Best Record (PBR) is provided in a tabular view which facilitates the review of the performance of our participating and honorable athletes. Additionally, since track running is a popular and welcoming sport, this web application provides relevant linked assets in an effort to motivate or boost any individual into this sport.

The evolution of the vast field of Web Development, throughout the last decades, has led to complex web applications which incorporate different underlying technologies. Usually, modern websites are built and maintained by many people. Hence, it is undeniably true that versatility is needed in approaching the process of web development. In the basis of those requirements, this project aims in bringing the web developer behind this project a step closer to a better understanding of the pillars of every web application; HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.

The named runners depicted in the Runner Standings along with the supplementary related information provided are a fictional product for the purpose of providing dummy but meaningful content in this project. Any resemblance to persons and situations is accidental. The profile photos and other images used in this project were sourced from stock photos, royalty free images & videos archive provided by Pexels. The flags used to determine the runners' nationality were provided from countryflags.com. The logo in use in this application was provided by onyxprj_art via Running Vectors by Vecteezy.
